# ChatBot
An career guidance chatbot using LLAMA
## Inspiration
       Recent studies have revealed that as much as **90%** of students opt for a wrong career path due to _a lack of career guidance and the persisting gap between skills and aptitudes_. A study estimates that **93%** of learners are aware of only eight or fewer professional alternatives, such as engineering, medical, law, finance, and information technology. In contrast, there are over 800 different career paths available for them to explore. So, our team decided to leverage Artificial Intelligence to bring forth **DialogDuo**, which serves as your perfect career guidance companion throughout your career journey.  

## What it does
       **DialogDuo** is a career guidance tool which leverages Artificial Intelligence powered by **LLaMA by Meta**. DialogDuo offers AI Chatbot which solves various career guidance queries of the students, by throwing light onto plethora of opportunities available in this fast-developing world. The Resume Builder tool offered by DialogDuo fosters inclusiveness and helps individuals from various fields present their unique skills and experiences in a way that resonates with employers. 

## How we built it
       DialogDuo is built with **MERN** Stack, which is composed of **MongoDB** - for storing student details, **Express** - which serves as server-side web framework, **React** - for developing an interactive user interface and **Node** serving as JavaScript web server. We have also made use of **html-pdf** package for developing the resumes into shareable pdfs and **Mongoose** for modelling application's data. 

## Challenges we ran into
      **DialogDuo** makes use of **LLaMA*, which is a proprietary language model offered by Meta. As a result of this, our team could not offer long term support to run DialogDuo and provide career guidance support to students. 

## Accomplishments that we're proud of
       We feel proud to have covered all the features we had planned out during the ideation phase. DialogDuo's interactive user interface makes it easier for students to navigate through our application in an easy way. We are happy the way DialogDuo's chatbot can not only solve a student's query regarding career choice, but the answer generated by the chatbot is elaborate and clear in such a way that it displays a wide range of opportunities available for the students. 

## What we learned
      As we developed DialogDuo, we learned a lot about MERN stack and how to make use of MERN technologies so that they can work together in an efficient way. We also discovered new packages like html-pdf to generate resumes as pdf and automating the resume building process. 

## What's next for DialogDuo
      As a part of expanding the vision of DialogDuo, we have planned to add personalized assessments to students, so that they can gain more knowledge about their area of interests. We have also planned to add a community feature to DialogDuo, that brings various mentors and experts closer to student, thereby quenching their thirst to seek knowledge.
